On an Island far away, there were four ronin. One of them was black.
They had no employment, no masters, no future.
That was until they heard about a Daimyō who was employing soldiers in the land of Yup.
After traveling days in the grueling jungle and battling wild beasts, they find a small run-down temple.
As they make their way to the temple a shadow thieves their weapons leaving them defenseless. Soon they 
are surrounded by thousands of shadows. Defenseless and on the verge of dying. A sharp wind rushes through
the ronin and all the shadows instantly get obliterated. Suddenly they hear a voice behind them saying 
"Who are you?"
The four ronin turn around, ready to strike, even without their weapons. An older man appears. He seems to be blind. Anki quickly strikes a punch but with no effect.
The punch went right through the man. Astonished, the four ronin retreat back. 
"I should ask you who you are!" said Anki.
The old man replies "I was once alive, but no longer." said the man. "Now again, I ask, Who are you? What brings you here?"
"We are four ronin traveling from the four corners of the world. We got lost trying to find our way to the Daimyō of the land of Yup" said Json.
The old man replies "I will show you the way, but first I must test you all to see if you can survive. The samurai of this land are fierce and merciless, you will not survive if you cannot pass this test."
With a snap of his fingers, the old man brings out a tea pot and let's the ronin rest before their test.
In their sleep, the ronin are brought outside to the top of a mountain with a huge forest below,near the temple. 
As they wake up startled they hear the old man say "Make it back to the temple alive before the sun rises and I will take you to the Daimyō of the Land of Yup" and he disappeared. 
They were skeptical but had no alternatives. Akai Jiraiya voiced his displeasure but Jinbo Yakamota told him that the only alternative was death. They moved to the base of the mountain. Anki Noku died immediately via pitfall trap, it was a gruesome death.They trudged on with heavy hearts. Akai was in a very dark mood, Json Nobu was hysterical " I knew this was a bad idea!" Jinbo was doing his best to stay postivie but the image of Anki's death haunted him as well.
Finally they made it to the top of the mountain what awaited them at the top was almost worse then the gruesome death they had witnessed earlier.
It was ugly, it was big, it was otherworldy. Demon, Monster, Alien.
No words could describe it the three remaing ronin were trembling in fear. 
Json and Akai wanted to run but they couldn't use their legs they were paralyzed.
Akai uses the last of his energy and to heal Json and give him feeling back in his legs.
"RUN NOW!" Akai says.
With the demon coming in fast Json swiftly turns and started sprinting, tears down his face he hears Jinbo scream "HURRY!!"
Jinbo was too but he knew if they didn't slay the demon they were as good as dead.
The demon laughed "Is this the best that the Land of Yup has?"
His voice was terrible from the pits of the earth.
Json started to flee.The demon's arm extended to puncture Json.
Jinbo did his best to deflect the arm with his blade but the demon was able to redirect his attack and slice Jinbo's right arm.
Json turned and looked with horror as he saw and heard Jinbo screaming in pain blood gushing out of his arm.
Json began to run towards Jinbo but he yells "No! Run! Leave me be!"
"I can't, we must survive together! We already lost our other brothers I can't lose you!" said Json.
"We will always be with you. Carry on. Use me as bait, in my pocket I've collected some of the herbs from the tea we drank and mashed it with poison herbs. If this gets into the mouth of the demon, we win." said Jinbo.
Json furiously yells. He then runs while the demon consumes Jinbo in one fell swoop.
The demon begins choking. Blood spills out the demon's mouth and the demon even begins to scream.
Choking on it's blood, the demon collapsed and was defeated. Jinbo's sacrafice was not in vain.
The old man appears in front of the single standing ronin. "You have made it. Now we can begin your true training..They will forever be with you."
